README.md, before:

### Use cases:

#### Select current display:
- User presses a button to cycle through current time, temperature and humidity displays.
  - User can also press a dedicated alarm button to display its value (alarm time).

#### Change RTC values:
- While displaying the current time, user presses a button to enter "change" mode.
- User selects the desired hour and minute values.
- System saves the new values. 
  - User can do the same for the alarm values while the alarm value is being displayed.

#### Enable alarm:
- While displaying current time, user long presses a dedicated alarm button to enable it.
- System turns on an LCD dot to show the user the alarm is enabled.
  - User can do the same on an enabled alarm to disable it.

#### Trigger alarm:
-  System triggers an enabled alarm when the current time is equal to the alarm value.
-  User can either:
   - Turn the alarm off.
   - Activate a snooze function.

#### Play white noise:
- User presses a button to play white noise.
- System starts playing the white noise music file.
- User can adjust the volume with dedicated buttons.
- User presses the "on" button to turn off the noise.

#### Adjust screen brightness:
<!--- User adjusts the screen brightness using a potentiometer.?? - Do this first -->
- System adjusts the screen brightness according to the ambient light.

Commit message:

Added Long Pressing setting feature.

README.md, after:

### Use cases:

#### Select current display:
- User presses a button to cycle through current time, temperature and humidity displays.
  - User can also press a dedicated alarm button to display its value (alarm time).

#### Change RTC values:
- While displaying the current time, user presses a button to enter "change" mode.
- User selects the desired hour and minute values using increase and decrease buttons.
  - Long pressing the buttons changes the values quicker.
- System saves the new values. 
  - User can do the same for the alarm values while the alarm value is being displayed.

#### Enable alarm:
- While displaying current time, user long presses a dedicated alarm button to enable it.
- System turns on an LCD dot to show the user the alarm is enabled.
  - User can do the same on an enabled alarm to disable it.

#### Trigger alarm:
-  System triggers an enabled alarm when the current time is equal to the alarm value.
-  User can either:
   - Turn the alarm off.
   - Activate a snooze function.

#### Play white noise:
- User presses a button to play white noise.
- System starts playing the white noise music file.
- User can adjust the volume with dedicated buttons.
- User presses the "on" button to turn off the noise.

#### Adjust screen brightness:
<!--- User adjusts the screen brightness using a potentiometer.?? - Do this first -->
- System adjusts the screen brightness according to the ambient light.
